what are you guys swimming of course
everyone needs to know how to do it
especially here in Arizona and we're
teaching cuties how to do it this
morning let's hold up your cuties point
them to the camera back there that's
right all part of the world's record for
swim lessons being taught at the same
time but Guinness people are in on it or
coming your way from the i-10 in
Guadalupe it's just a minute
all right now here's what's going on
around the world today kids are
participating in the world's largest
swim lesson day that's weird because my
granddaughter just started her second
phase of this swim lessons yesterday
yeah
you'll say that again Rick second face
of while she she's already had swim
lessons last summer now she started your
mother again yes no my granddaughter oh
you know this thing gotcha
well we're here at swim Kids USA as you
can see behind us and this is what
everybody's talking about that's right
you've got to officially sign in because
of the Guinness record we've got going
Betty's over here she knows everything
fill me in what does this mean what kind
of a record are you going for what's
gonna be happening we're checking all
the swimmers there's about 65 registered
right now and in the pool and we're
trying to beat the world's record for
the world's largest swimming lesson all
the all the clubs in the whole world
right now at this time no matter what
time oh good so you getting some of
these people up in the middle of the
night right that's their problem would
be three o'clock four o'clock and
they're so dedicated and so are the
swimmers and
this is I believe the fourth year that
we've done this very good well thank you
so much and for your hard work at all of
the counting now let's get down to where
the action is and that would be right
here in the pool
oh look Lana come right over here what a
cutie you've got with you and there's
people say it all the time it's never
too early to start learning how to swim
how old is this little guy what's your
what's your goal and we obviously we
want all kids to know how to swim but
why something like this what are you
trying to what's the word you're trying
to get out drowning prevention look
these kids are coming together kids all
over the world are coming together and
joining together to break a world record
so to draw attention to drowning
prevention because drowning is the
second leading cause of accidental death
in children well you've probably been
swimming for a while do you remember how
you learned how to swim dad just throw
you off the dock at the pond back on the
farm you're right we just kind of got
thrown in now we teach a very loving and
just very nurturing very bonding between
the parent okay so that the parent and
the child is very very bonding well we
see a lot of moms and their young ones
here this morning you're doing a great
thing I like this guy's attitude right
here with the yellow floaties there Rick
wouldn't you like to travel that way
he's getting a jump on retirement if he
had a little cigar in his mouth Rick and
like a juice box it would just be
perfect so cute to see that baby
standing like that with those floaties